{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17020\viewh14340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\fi-1920\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. Explain what the terminal is in your own words.\
The terminal is a way to communicate with your computer program without using the mouse. The terminal acts as a way to access and create any new files and upload any codes more accurately. There are multiple ways \
To navigate the terminal with different commands. Most experienced coders prefer using the terminal to navigate through the local files in the terminal.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\fi-1920\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\fi-1920\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 2. What is the major difference between Git and GitHub?\
Git is most commonly used when you are accessing your local files. Local files meaning your laptops files/documents. The git hub refers to the internet/ web files. The GitHub is a way for people to access your files via a server and this is useful when you plan on working on a team and people can access your project through the server (GitHub). So In turn when you notice some use the \'93git\'94 commands they are working in their computers local files. If you\
See someone use the \'93GitHub\'94 they are using the internet/ web to navigate their files. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 3.\'a0 What are the steps to fork a GitHub repository?\
The reason for someone to fork a GitHub repository is when they want to get a copy of the repository and make their own changes and add it. Forking is a way for user to make changes without effecting the original piece. It is also a way for the person forking a repository to update or fix an abandoned project.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\fi-1920\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
}